# Thesis DTP Talk

Live:
gource --seconds-per-day 0.1 --title "Fania's PhD Thesis" --hide dirnames,filenames,usernames -f --disable-bloom


Video:
gource --seconds-per-day 0.1 --title "Fania's PhD Thesis" --hide dirnames,filenames,usernames -f --disable-bloom --hide-mouse --stop-at-end -1280x720 -r 60 -o gource.ppm

ffmpeg -y -r 60 -f image2pipe -vcodec ppm -i gource.ppm -vcodec libx264 -preset ultrafast -pix_fmt yuv420p -crf 1 -threads 0 -bf 0 gource.mp4

gource --seconds-per-day 0.1 --title "Fania's PhD Thesis" --hide dirnames,filenames,usernames -f --disable-bloom --hide-mouse --stop-at-end -1280x720 -r 30 -o gource.ppm

ffmpeg -y -r 30 -f image2pipe -vcodec ppm -i gource30.ppm -vcodec libx264 -preset ultrafast -tune zerolatency -movflags +faststart -pix_fmt yuv420p -threads 0 -bf 0 gource30.mp4







Hi Fania! 

How are you!  Haven't seen you for ages - I hope all is well!

Yes, it is still happening on the 13th.  It's an informal talk about your thesis - how you presented your research.  I know the you didn't end up being a PBR submission, but the visualisation of your work seemed very important to you and it would be interesting for the group to hear about how and why you presented it as you did.  And also to talk through the amazing diagram you made at the end - why and how!  It's more about telling the group about your journey, the choices you made in presentation and what the outcome was!  Does that made sense?  Including discussion, it usually lasts about 45 mins?

Best wishes,

Sophy


------



Practice based PhDs

Traditionally made up of exhibition and write up. 

—


HOW AND WHY?




i didn't do quantitative data analysis (e.g. questionnaires)
but i did do lots of critical self-evaluation.
each decision was analysed retrospectively in minute detail (numbers, numbers, numbers)

meronym anectode (during analysis I found that i should have included meronyms and added that into the artefact then)

critical analysis of theoretical / philosophical aspects




How did I present my practical element? In my case the website and the search results. So I scattered poems from the engine throughout the thesis. 

Chapter on code. 

I didn’t go overboard with documenting the actual website, e.g. few screenshots, video results barely discussed. 

Progress bars

Photos of map

/Final.jpeg

/Ribbon detail.jpeg

/Viva.jpeg

/Viva 2.jpeg

/Full ribbon map.jpeg

/Sally's artwork.jpeg

/Ribbons start.jpeg

/Paper map.jpeg